Q1. Describe a stressful situation at work and how you handled it.

"Recently, we lost an important member of our team at short notice. The reasons for him leaving were not made clear to us;
however, the impact on the team was significant. He had been helping us to implement a new important working strategy within the 
organisation and to replace him was going to be difficult. People within the team started to panic as we only had 4 weeks left in which to 
complete the new project.

I decided to take control of the situation as I felt someone had to act positively if we were to have a chance of completing the project on time.

In my spare time, I studied my former colleagues workload and the things he had been doing in order to contribute to the project. After a couple
of hours research, I realised that there were members of our team who could take over his work. The next morning on the meeting, I briefed the team
my findings and we started to allocate the tasks based on our team members strengths.

I could immediately see a change in people's attitude once they realized there was a chance we could complete our project on time. Although
the next few weeks were stressful and diffcult, we all worked hard to support each other and the project came to a successful completion.

I learned quite a lot from this scenario. The first thing I learned was that it is always important to have a positive mindset in stressful
situations. By remaining calm and focused on the task, I was able to find a solution.

The second thing I learned was that any challenge or difficult situation is always surmountable, once you apply yourself and play to your teams
strengths.
"

Q2. Describe a time when you embraced change within an organisation.

"Approximately 6 months ago we were taken over by a new moder owner who had different ideas for how they wanted to take the 
business forward. Prior to the take over, we had been working hard as a team to implement the previous owners strategies
and we were getting close to seeing our hard work come to fruition.

The new business owners briefed us all on the new strategy and where they wanted to go. This naturally had a demotivational
impact on the team, as everyone felt the hard work they had been doing was wasted.

I decided to embrace the change positivedly and helped the people within the team to try and view the change as an 
opportunity for us to impress our new owners.

I have a very positive mindset when it comes to change and I understand that, if an organisation is to thrive
in the modern world, change is really important. As an employee, I feel it is my duty to embrace change positively
and proactively.
"